When you abandoned the sword and returned to righteousness
I want to live an ordinary life
But have you ever been missed by Qinghe?
Qinghe married into the Chen family as an ordinary person
For Chen Hui and Sun Shangxiang
Normal means low solution
They treat Qinghe like a slave
Beat and scold at will
The wounds he suffered, the sins he suffered
More than you can imagine
Impossible this is impossible
Qinghe called me a few days ago and said
Said that Xiaohui and Sun Shangxiang were very good to him
Don't let him do anything
Treat him like a young grandmother
Sun Shangxiang also said
Qinghe injured Xiaohui
Sister, wake up
Qinghe is a good boy
He doesn't know who you really are
He was afraid of implicating you, so he dared not tell you.
Did he rarely go home after he got married?
One is that he is afraid that you will find out about his injuries
Second, the Chen family locked him at home
He's not allowed to go out at all
Sun Shangxiang is your sister
Chen Hui is your nephew
You say
Are these real?
I had no idea.
Qinghe marries into the Chen family
It's because of your matchmaking
Now he's tortured like this.
You deserve to die
General Xie
I have nothing to say.
Let you travel
Wei Yang
Where did you get these things?
I found Qinghe's best friend Gu Panger
These are the chat records between him and Qinghe
Qinghe is full of grievances and no one to talk to
I can only tell him secretly
And especially told not to tell anyone
Especially you, Senior Sister
According to Gu Paner's account
Chen Hui, that beast
He's a monster.
He repeatedly abused Qinghe
The whole process of domestic violence
Photos and videos were taken.
Let the four sons of red dust watch together
Will take this opportunity
4 families on the plate
Newcomer starts